the quarterback at Virginia Tech the
throw for more than 3,000 in the season
he comes out swinging and swinging it
Dave and it is nearly intercepted well
covered with two drops falls here first
of all we gotta drop balsam by Sweeting
who's in pretty good position looking
lean goes to the highest point but he
just misses the football that's why he's
possessed they'll grow city expected to
see a lot of shotgun tonight perhaps as
many as eighty percent of the Kip offers
here is a tight end and converted
through quarterback it seems to be a
very good move he come out of his break
when the defensive back comes out of his
break his short punt they have the ball
at their own 30 Logan Thomas
just what we see everywhere out of the
pistol the reeds own Logan Thomasin
wants to run the football that's that's
a great thing shron me I live for the
big moment shoulder like Chris feeling
not a big moment for the hook he's there
and he's taken to come back of the 21st
big boomer and he takes his eye off the
ball it's just like being receiver or
anything else the first thing you must
do is secure the catch now can Georgia
Tech capitalize
and Peter Phillips
the mascot nice catch arms extended over
his he's the safety come up in the box
he checks to this play they had a
running play on he saw the safety come
up and they checked to a three-step
quick slant dropped Marcus Davis he goes
up and does it good this is a big game
particularly cuz it's an ACC game
against the team they've battled for the
Coastal Division title last seven years
Logan Thomas with good field position on
target first of the Hokies plate i would
think you might run this out of the end
zone though he's gonna throw it and very
well for the first down
Georgia Tech better not go to sleep here
both row Michael Holmes carried on first
down for the Hokies and got four I think
I hit them all to you did in record time
swung out of Marcus Davis who dropped it
this excuse me he's down here in press
coverage come back to him after the drop
here comes the Blitz Logan Thomas got it
off and complain antenna bird duck
everything's good it's go execute he let
some light back and clear frankly that's
a book and did it the right way he has
certainly done all of that I was later
the College Football Hall of Fame some
day Ritter without that national
champion they can play loss of 94 crush
this time no rush Logan tom is going T
and in
Logan Thomas out of the pistol
me too high for dive
he does not know where the ball is he
shielded from the boy you know I
understand the safety and all that I
guess the ball was high in the head
I agree Virginia Tech could use the help
mission Georgia Tech play with other man
defense three guys would have been
starters aren't here trying to get by
with about 14 difference he Coleman
Brian Stein's burn cities mature players
they've ever had as a freshman
booter yet
they will quickly again Thomas wash one
nice cat bird down in 75 out of 13 on
third down the hunkies and a pass
incomplete or ultimately
820 to go and breaking praised Dave as
they missed the tackle and he can fly
lost the football and the Hokies see
what they do spread them out they run
the slant
is Austin Zach oh well
short passes you need to close quickly
and make those tackles and Sweeting
width when you wonder if fatigue is
setting in for these defensive players
hit Joey Phillips not in field goal
range yet Thomas wants the lead has a
man open down touch to put them ahead
never underestimate fresh legs starts
with good protection the metreon Knowles
coming off the bench Sweeting perhaps a
little bit tired is lazy getting out of
his break surprised a little bit by the
first leg little short game they still
aren't you in field goal range yeah they
tackled him there but full of bricks
three and he's turned and up again homes
through the defense homes in store about
changing a line of spinach right there
by gets a good kick out blocking
but and done that's his MO he